Cumulus 2123 -- add RDS development cluster to Core (#1826)
nasa/cumulus: lambdas/db-provision-user-database/README.md

# db-provision-user-database

> This module deploys a bootstrap lambda that, given a 'root' db user secret containing 'host', 'user', 'password' keys will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys a bootstrap lambda that, given an AWS Secrets Manager secret specifying a 'root' database access credentials object containing 'host', 'user', 'password' keys, will:
```

1) If configured database is not already created:
  a) Add a database user based on the prefix and set the configured password
  b) Add a database based on the passed in prefix and set the user to use that database
2) If the configured database exists:
  a) Update the user password to the configured value

> 3) Write a database configuration object containing (at least) 'host', 'user', 'password' and 'database'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) Write an AWS Secrets Manager secret containing an object specify access credentials for acquiring a database connection (at least 'host', 'user', 'password' and 'database')
```

## Input variables

See [variables.tf](./variables.tf) for the input variables to this module and the default values for optional variables.

## Outputs

> **database_credentials** - ARN of the AWS secrets manager user credentials secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**database_credentials_secret_arn** - ARN of the AWS secrets manager user credentials secret
```

Reviewer: I might opt for describing outputs in the "description" of each one rather than in a README, just to avoid drift
